Let us say a patient was admitted to a hospital with 
some chest pains. The attending physician may order an MRI scan,
 and when this request is recorded on 
the Hospital Information System (HIS), an electronic request is
 often transmitted to the Radiology Information System (RIS) 
located in the imaging centre. This request typically comprises
 of information about where the request came from, who ordered it,
 the details of the patient, the type of imaging modality 
requested, etc. Once the booking is done, the patient 
then is sent for the scan to the imaging centre.
 After a scan has been completed, a set of DICOM-compliant images
 are created from the raw data and is referred to as a “Study”.
 A study may itself consist of several acquisitions depending 
on the scan configurations, and each of these acquisitions is 
referred to as a “Series”. Each series will consist of several
 images, and each of these images are individually referred 
to as a “DICOM Information Object”.
After the scanning procedure has been completed, 
all the images are transmitted for archival to 
a PACS system (Picture Archival and Communication System). 
The scanned images may be reviewed for quality before being
 transmitted to a PACS system, and the reviewing technologist 
may order a scan again if they are not satisfactory. The archived images can then be retrieved from the 
PACS system to a workstation for viewing by a radiologist. The radiologist may either view the images 
directly on the screen or print these images on film. Later, she may add additional comments about her 
observations on a report. Once she completes this process, the changes are merged with the original study 
on the PACS system. An electronic message is also transmitted back to the RIS indicating that the modality 
request has been completed. Information may also be transmitted back to the originating HIS along with some 
of the key images to assist in intervention by a cardiologist if necessary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czApoO5N9K8